c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Images\daphne.jpg
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Images\Fred.jpg
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Images\scooby.jpg
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Images\Scrappy.jpg
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Images\Shaggy.jpg
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Images\Velma.jpg
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Student\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
